accessibility:Ports to help disabled users.
arabic:Ported software for the Arabic market.
archivers:Utilities for archiving and unarchiving data.
astro:Applications related to astronomy.
audio:Audio utilities - most require a supported sound card.
benchmarks:Utilities for measuring system performance.
biology:Software related to biology.
cad:Computer Aided Design utilities.
chinese:Ported software for the Chinese market.
comms:Communications utilities.
converters:Format conversion utilities.
databases:Database software.
deskutils:Various Desktop utilities.
devel:Software development utilities and libraries.
dns:DNS client and server utilities.
editors:Common text editors.
emulators:Utilities for emulating other OS types.
finance:Monetary, financial and related applications.
french:Ported software for French countries.
ftp:FTP client and server utilities.
games:Various and sundry amusements.
german:Ported software for Germanic countries.
graphics:Graphics libraries and utilities.
hebrew:Ported software for Hebrew language.
hungarian:Ported software for the Hungarian market.
irc:Internet Relay Chat utilities.
japanese:Ported software for the Japanese market.
java:Java language support.
korean:Ported software for the Korean market.
lang:Computer languages.
mail:Electronic mail packages and utilities.
math:Mathematical computation software.
misc:Miscellaneous utilities.
multimedia:Multimedia software.
net:Networking utilities.
net-im:Instant messaging software.
net-mgmt:Network management utilities.
net-p2p:Peer to peer networking software.
news:USENET News support software.
palm:Software support for the Palm(tm) series.
polish:Ported software for the Polish market.
ports-mgmt:Utilities for managing ports and packages.
portuguese:Ported software for the Portuguese market.
print:Utilities for dealing with printing.
russian:Ported software for the Russian market.
science:Scientific software.
security:System security software.
shells:Various shells (tcsh, bash, etc).
sysutils:Various system utilities.
textproc:Text processing/search utilities.
ukrainian:Ported software for the Ukrainian market.
vietnamese:Ported software for the Vietnamese market.
www:WEB utilities (browsers, HTTP servers, etc).
x11:X Window System based utilities.
x11-clocks:X Window System based clocks.
x11-drivers:X Window System drivers.
x11-fm:X Window System based file managers.
x11-fonts:X Window System fonts and font utilities.
x11-servers:X Window System servers.
x11-themes:X Window System themes.
x11-toolkits:X Window System based development toolkits.
x11-wm:X Window System window managers.
